21 things to declare concerning yourself every morning boldly looking in the mirror.

1. I will hang out with only positive people because I expect to live a positive life. Therefore I too cannot be negative.

2. God did not create me to be mistreated and abused.

3. I have a responsibility to keep myself whole and healthy

4. I will not sit around in a dark house all day long thinking about my problems. I will open my windows and let the sunshine in. I will listen to uplifting music and create a positive environment for myself.

5. I will hang around other dreamers -not day dreamers- but people with big goals who plan to do something significant with their lives.

6. It is great to believe the dream as I stand in youth by the starry stream, but a greater thing is to fight life through and say at the end, the dream is true.

7. My external physique is not relevant. I come from a long line of Champions. I have the DNA of the Almighty God.

8. Inside me flows the blood of a winner.
	My father spoke the galaxies into existence
	My eldest brother, Jesus defeated the enemy once and for all
	My brother, Moses parted the sea - I have great faith
	David defeated Goliath - I have courage
	Samson toppled a building - I have supernatural strength
	Daniel spent the night with lions - I have divine protection
	Nehemiah rebuilt Jerusalem walls against all odds - Determination and Persistence pulsates through my bloodline.
	Esther put her life on the line to save God's people - I possess the power of sacrifice and heroism.
	Jesus gave his life for everyone - I possess the power of sacrifice and heroism.

9. It doesn't matter what the present condition looks like, I know that inside me flows the blood of a winner.

10. I quit focusing on my weaknesses, I get a better vision for my life.

11. I am not ordinary, I am a thoroughbred.

12. The fact that my flesh after being healed from an injury looks all fresh and new is great evidence that I have the ability of looking and being brand new after my wrongs. I just need to heal.

13. My mistakes and addictions don't change my bloodline.

14. I was bought on a high price, I am therefore not worthless.

15. My spiritual bloodline is more powerful than my natural bloodline. Yes! I may have to overcome some negative elements in my family's natural bloodline but the spiritual remains more powerful than the physical.

16. All the days ordained for me were written in God's book before one of them came to be. Yes! God knew me before I even existed.

17. God knew I wasn't going to be perfect, that if I were perfect, I may say I have no need of Him. In my imperfection, God is made perfect.

18. God was thinking about me before I was even born.

19. I am an overcomer. Difficult battles may come but I will have great victories

20. I would claim my share of the good things of life. I would not be one of those who stand afar off enviously watching others enjoy. I would not be content to clothe myself in the cheapest raiment that looked respectable. I would not be satisfied with the lot of a poor man. On the contrary, I would make myself a guest at the banquet of good things and never settle for less

21. To achieve all this, I must desire time and study.


----------------END OF FILE--------------------